More than three decades after its inauguration as a separate college in 1976, the School of Nursing remains zealous in its philosophy of training and producing only the most competent graduates. Undaunted by the mania that saw the proliferation of nursing schools nationwide in recent years (due, of course, to the rising demand for nurses abroad), acceptance and retention policy in the school has remained very consistent.  This strict adherence to high standards has considerably paid off for the university. SLU has maintained its status as a top performing school of nursing in the country, and it is accredited as one of the few Centers of Excellence / Development in Nursing Education in the Philippines.  Cognizant of the growing health needs of the Cordilleras, the School of Nursing established the Mobile Nursing Clinic (MNC) extension service in 1979. The primary aim of this pioneer program was to alleviate the state of health care system in depressed or neglected communities by sharing skills on how to manage their own health programs. An institution in itself, the multi-awarded MNC is now considered as the first and longest-running college-based extension program of the university.  In the face of rapid globalization, the promotion and advancement of community health development will always be a top priority of the school. The MNC now utilizes a collaborative approach to health development called the Community Organizing-Participatory Action Research (COPAR). Its objectives are, as follows: to pursue relevant researches, to mobilize multi-sectoral linkages, to extend training to other schools and concerned agencies, to widen the program’s scope, and to maximize community participation and involvement.  The school maintains national and international linkages which are vital to expanding skills and knowledge, enhancing the curriculum, bringing in resources, and promoting trans-cultural learning and appreciation among its faculty and students.  Heeding the call for expanding the Louisian brand of education, the school launched the SLU-Nursing Review Center in 2008 to accommodate nursing graduates from any school. The center guarantees enrollees increased chances of (if not ensure) passing the national licensure examination.  From its humble beginnings, the SLU School of Nursing has significantly progressed, in terms of students, faculty, facilities, and reach. The enduring emphasis on a socially-oriented education in the name of community service will however remain its best and foremost accomplishment.